...\" $Header: /cvsroot/nufw/nufw/doc/nuauth.1.man,v 1.1 2003/10/02 20:07:39 gryzor Exp $
...\"
...\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
...\"
...\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
...\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "NUAUTH" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
nuauth \(em NUFW authentication server 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBnuauth\fR [\fB-h\fP]  [\fB-V\fP]  [\fB-v[v...]\fP]  [\fB-l \fI(local) port\fR\fP]  [\fB-d \fIaddress\fR\fP]  [\fB-p \fI(remote) port\fR\fP]  [\fB-t \fItimeout\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents the 
\fBnuauth\fR command. 
.PP 
Nuauth is the authentication server of the NUFW package. Whenever a 
client sends a packet(1) to start a connection through the gateway, the 
client program (nutcpc), installed on the client's station, sends an 
authentication packet(2) to nuauth. The gateway's firewall queues the 
packet(1) and sends informations about it directly to the nuauth server.  
Nuauth's job is to analyse both packets(1) and (2), and checks user owns  
the right to initialize the connection (s)he has tried to. If Nuauth finds  
so, Nuauth sends authorization to Nufw to accept the packet(1) through,  
and the connection gets initialized. If not, the connection is either  
Rejected or Dropped, depending on the chosen configuration. 
.PP 
Nuauth can use a backend LDAP server for user and groups 
definitions, as well as Access Lists associated with those groups. 
An option is also to store the user database in DBM files. It should be 
noted that dynamic modifications of the users base can currently  
only be performed if an LDAP database is used. 
.PP 
Original packaging and informations and help can be found from http://www.nufw.org/ 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB-h\fP         " 10 
Issues usage details and exits. 
.IP "\fB-V\fP         " 10 
Issues version and exits. 
.IP "\fB-v\fP         " 10 
Increases debug level. Multiple switches are accepted and each 
of them increases the debug level by one. Default debug level is 2, max is 10. 
.IP "\fB-l \fIport\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies UDP port to listen on for clients.  Default value : 4130 
.IP "\fB-d \fIaddress\fR\fP         " 10 
Network address of the nufw (gateway) server. 
.IP "\fB-p \fIport\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies UDP port to send data to when addressing the nufw 
(gateway) server. Nufw server must be setup to 
listen on that port. Default value : 4128 
.IP "\fB-t \fIseconds\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies timeout to forget packets not identified, and 
identification packets matching nothing.  Default value : 15 s. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
nufw(1) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Nuauth was designed and coded by Eric Leblond, aka Regit (eric@regit.org) , and Vincent 
Deffontaines, aka gryzor (vincent@gryzor.com). Original idea in 2001, while working on NSM Ldap 
support. 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Vincent Deffontaines 
.PP 
Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 2 as published by the Free 
Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover 
Texts and no Back-Cover Texts. 
...\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 02 Oct 2003, 19:11 
