...\" $Header: /var/tmp/nufw/nufw/doc/nufw.1,v 1.1 2003/11/18 13:00:47 gryzor Exp $
...\"
...\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
...\"
...\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
...\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "NUFW" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
nufw \(em NUFW User filtering gateway server 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBnufw\fR [\fB-h\fP]  [\fB-V\fP]  [\fB-v[v...]\fP]  [\fB-l \fI(local) port\fR\fP]  [\fB-d \fIaddress\fR\fP]  [\fB-p \fI(remote) port\fR\fP]  [\fB-t \fItimeout\fR\fP]  [\fB-T \fItrack_size\fR\fP]  [\fB-I \fIServerID\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents the 
\fBnufw\fR command. 
.PP 
Nufw is the minimalist server, designed to run on the gateway(s) of 
the network. Nufw is designed to run in conjunction with nuauth, the 
authenticating server. Nufw receives network packets from the local 
firewall (on Linux 2.4 and 2.6, this is set up with the help of '-j QUEUE' 
netfilter target), and synchronizes with a nuauth server to check packet is 
authorized to travel through the gateway. 
.PP 
The design of the NUFW package lets administrator filter network 
trafic per user, not only per IP. This means you can now deal with different 
permissions for user A and user B, even if they work at the same moment, 
on the same multiuser machine. In other words, this extends firewalling criterias to 
userID, at the network scale. 
.PP 
Original packaging and informations and help can be found from http://www.nufw.org/ 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB-h\fP         " 10 
Issues usage details and exits. 
.IP "\fB-V\fP         " 10 
Issues version and exits. 
.IP "\fB-v\fP         " 10 
Increases debug level. Multiple switches are accepted and each 
of them increases the debug level by one. Default debug level is 2, max is 10. 
.IP "\fB-l \fIport\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies UDP port to listen on. Nuauth server must be setup to 
send data to that port. Default value : 4129 
.IP "\fB-d \fIaddress\fR\fP         " 10 
Network address of the nuauth server. 
.IP "\fB-p \fIport\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies UDP port to send data to when addressing the nuauth 
server. Nuauth server must be setup to 
listen on that port. Default value : 4128 
.IP "\fB-t \fIseconds\fR\fP         " 10 
Specifies timeout to forget packets not answered for by nuauth. 
Default value : 15 s. 
.IP "\fB-T \fItrack_size\fR\fP         " 10 
Ask regit :) Default value : 1000. 
.IP "\fB-I \fIServerID\fR\fP         " 10 
Ask regit :) Default value : 12345. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
nuauth(1) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Nufw was designed and coded by Eric Leblond, aka Regit (eric@regit.org) , and Vincent 
Deffontaines, aka gryzor (vincent@gryzor.com). Original idea in 2001, while working on NSM Ldap 
support. 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Vincent Deffontaines 
.PP 
Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 2 as published by the Free 
Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover 
Texts and no Back-Cover Texts. 
...\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 02 Oct 2003, 19:09 
