.\" $Header: /aolnet/dev/src/CVS/sgml/docbook-to-man/cmd/docbook-to-man.sh,v 1.1.1.1 1998/11/13 21:31:59 db3l Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "NUFW" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
nufw_dbm \(em generate and maintain NuFW dbm users files 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [\fB\fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [\fB-P\fP]  [-l \fIusername\fR]  [\fB \fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [-d \fIusername\fR]  [\fB \fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [\fB-C SHA1/MD5\fP]  [\fB-o\fP]  [\fB-r\fP]  [-g \fIgid[,gid...]\fR]  [-c \fIusername\fR]  [\fB \fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [-u \fIusername\fR]  [\fB \fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.PP 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR [-R]  [\fB \fIgdbm file\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents the 
\fBnufw_dbm\fR command. 
.PP 
nufw_dbm is a command line tool to be used by administrators to create and modify Nufw 
users database in DBM format. This program allows for user creation, 
deletion, password update. It supports encrypted passwords, currently with 
MD5 as well as SHA1 algorithms. 
.PP 
Original packaging and informations and help can be found from http://www.nufw.org/ 
.PP 
Running nufw_dbm with DBM file as single argument results in listing 
usernames, one per line. 
.PP 
For all operations of the program, a DBM file must be specified as 
argument. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB-l \fIusername\fR\fP         " 10 
Displays group IDs the specified username is member of. 
.IP "\fB-P\fP         " 10 
Displays the password of the specified username. This option is 
useful only in conjunction with -l. If password is encrypted it is 
prefixed with either {MD5} or {SHA1}. 
.IP "\fB-d \fIusername\fR\fP         " 10 
Remove specified user entry from the DBM file. Consider running 
the program with -R option to reorganize the database after you have 
deleted many users. 
.IP "\fB-c \fIusername\fR\fP         " 10 
Create an entry for specified username in database. This option 
must be used in conjunction with -g. You may also be interested in -r, 
-o and especially -C options when creating a new user. 
.IP "\fB-g \fIgid,[gid...]\fR\fP         " 10 
Specify groups the created member is member of. This option must 
be used with -c, and is ignored in other contexts. 
.IP "\fB-C \fISHA1/MD5\fR\fP         " 10 
Specify which encryption to use to protect password. It is 
recommended that you always use this option when creating a new user. 
This option is only useful in conjunction with -c. It is ignored 
in other contexts. If you do not specify this option at user creation, 
password will be stored unencrypted. 
.IP "\fB-o\fP         " 10 
Override the DBM file. All existing data will be lost if you use 
this option.  
This option is only useful in conjunction with -c. It is ignored 
in other contexts. 
.IP "\fB-r\fP         " 10 
Override the specified username, if it exists. Just create one 
if it does not exist. 
This option is only useful in conjunction with -c. It is ignored 
in other contexts. 
.IP "\fB-u \fIusername\fR\fP         " 10 
Update user's password. If old password was encrypted, new one 
will be too, with the same algorithm. 
.IP "\fB-R \fP         " 10 
If you have had a lot of deletions and would like to shrink  the  space 
used by the DBM file, this option will reorganize the 
database. This option should be used very infrequently. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
nuauth(1), nufw(1) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Nufw was designed and coded by Eric Leblond, aka Regit (eric@inl.fr) , and Vincent 
Deffontaines, aka gryzor (vincent@inl.fr). Original idea in 2001, while working on NSM Ldap 
support. 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Vincent Deffontaines 
.PP 
Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 2 as published by the Free 
Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover 
Texts and no Back-Cover Texts. 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 26 Aug 2004, 14:10 
